en, zh: add config notes for tiflash (#698)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-tiflash.md

To [add TiFlash component to an existing TiDB cluster](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/tiflash/deploy-tiflash/#add-tiflash-component-to-an-existing-tidb-cluster), `replication.enable-placement-rules` should be set to `true` in PD. After you add the TiFlash configuration in `TidbCluster` by taking the above steps, TiDB Operator will automatically configure `replication.enable-placement-rules: "true"` in PD.

If the server does not have an external network, refer to [deploy the TiDB cluster](deploy-on-general-kubernetes.md#deploy-the-tidb-cluster) to download the required Docker image on the machine with an external network and upload it to the server.

> ## Configuration Notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration notes for different versions
```

> Starting from TiDB Operator v1.1.5, the default configuration of `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` is changed from `${clusterName}-tiflash-POD_NUM.${clusterName}-tiflash-peer.${namespace}.svc:3930` to `0.0.0.0:3930`, and TiFlash needs to configure `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` to `0.0.0.0:3930` from v4.0.5, so for different TiFlash and TiDB Operator versions, you have to pay attention to the following configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from TiDB Operator v1.1.5, the default configuration of `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` is changed from `${clusterName}-tiflash-POD_NUM.${clusterName}-tiflash-peer.${namespace}.svc:3930` to `0.0.0.0:3930`, and TiFlash needs to configure `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` to `0.0.0.0:3930` since v4.0.5.

Therefore, for different TiFlash and TiDB Operator versions, you need to pay attention to the following configurations:
```

> * If TiDB Operator version is lower than or equal to v1.1.4
>     * If TiFlash version is lower than or equal to v4.0.4, no need to manually configure `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr`.
>     * If TiFlash version is greater than or equal to v4.0.5, you need to set `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr: 0.0.0.0:3930` in the TidbCluster CR.
> * If TiDB Operator version is greater than or equal to v1.1.5
>     * If TiFlash version is lower than or equal to v4.0.4, you need to set `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr: ${clusterName}-tiflash-POD_NUM.${clusterName}-tiflash-peer.${namespace}.svc:3930` in the TidbCluster CR, `${clusterName}` and `${namespace}` need to be replaced according to the real case.
>     * If TiFlash version is greater than or equal to v4.0.5, no need to manually configure `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the TiDB Operator version <= v1.1.4
    * If the TiFlash version <= v4.0.4, no need to manually configure `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr`.
    * If the TiFlash version >= v4.0.5, you need to set `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` to `0.0.0.0:3930` in the `TidbCluster` CR.
* If the TiDB Operator version >= v1.1.5
    * If the TiFlash version <= v4.0.4, you need to set `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` to `${clusterName}-tiflash-POD_NUM.${clusterName}-tiflash-peer.${namespace}.svc:3930` in the `TidbCluster` CR. `${clusterName}` and `${namespace}` need to be replaced according to the real case.
    * If the TiFlash version >= v4.0.5, no need to manually configure `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr`.
```

>     * If you upgrade from TiFlash version <= v4.0.4 to TiFlash version >= v4.0.5, you need to delete the configuration of `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` in the TidbCluster CR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * If you upgrade from TiFlash v4.0.4 or lower to TiFlash v4.0.5 or higher, you need to delete the configuration of `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` in the TidbCluster CR.
```

>     * If you upgrade from TiFlash v4.0.4 or lower to TiFlash v4.0.5 or higher version, you need to delete the configuration of `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` in the TidbCluster CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If you upgrade from TiFlash v4.0.4 or lower versions to TiFlash v4.0.5 or higher versions, you need to delete the configuration of `spec.tiflash.config.config.flash.service_addr` in the `TidbCluster` CR.
```
